how to your knowledge did your father
have any enemies shall I repeat the
question no I heard you
then please answer the new housemaid
ma'am
it's Bridget my name's Lizzie mm-hmm
do you find a room comfortable that can
get quite hot up here sometimes it's
best to leave the door open
sweetie have you done something have I
done something
me missing I said we'll eat
you would apologize to your mother don't
you dare call her my mother you need my
help you have it be certain if you say
that yeah
Lizzie Andrew Borden please place your
right hand on the Bible before you do
you swear before Almighty God to tell
the truth than all matters pertaining to
the murder of Andrew and Abby boy
are you afraid what to your knowledge
did your father have any enemies this is
America sir
every man what the poll says enemies
[Music]
you